Create ui-c8y-1020-35-2-fix-typeahead-validation-when-using-json-path-in-display-property.md (#2532)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/application-enablement/ui-c8y-1020-35-2-fix-typeahead-validation-when-using-json-path-in-display-property.md

---
date: ""

> title: Fix typeahead validation when using JSON path in 'displayProperty'

Author: The Claude AI suggested to use the following title:
```suggestion
title: Typeahead validation fixed when using JSON path in 'displayProperty'
```

> title: Fix typeahead validation when using JSON path in 'displayProperty'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Typeahead control validation fixed when using JSON path in 'displayProperty'
```

product_area: Application enablement & solutions
change_type:
  - value: change-VSkj2iV9m
    label: Fix
component:
  - value: component-YbYJ3gLU_
    label: Web SDK
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-pjJiURv9Y
    label: ui-c8y
ticket: DM-3955
version: 1020.35.2
---

> Fix typeahead validation when using JSON path in 'displayProperty'

Author: The Claude AI suggested to use the following body:
```suggestion
Previously, when using a JSON path in the 'displayProperty' of a typeahead control, the validation was not working correctly and could lead to unexpected behavior. This issue has now been fixed. Typeahead controls using a JSON path in 'displayProperty' will now properly validate the entered values. This change improves the reliability and usability of typeahead controls in forms and applications where JSON paths are utilized.
```

> Fix typeahead validation when using JSON path in 'displayProperty'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Previously, when using a JSON path in the 'displayProperty' of a typeahead control, the validation not allowing free entries (allowFreeEntries = false) was not working correctly and could lead to unexpected behavior, like creating orphan entries when an item needs to be assigned to a parent entity, etc. This issue has now been fixed. This change improves the reliability and usability of typeahead controls in forms.
```

> Previously, when using a JSON path in the 'displayProperty' of a typeahead control, the validation not allowing free entries (allowFreeEntries = false) was not working correctly and could lead to unexpected behavior, like creating orphan entries when an item needs to be assigned to a parent entity, etc. This issue has now been fixed. This change improves the reliability and usability of typeahead controls in forms.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Previously, when using a JSON path in the `displayProperty` of a typeahead control, the validation not allowing free entries (allowFreeEntries = false) was not working correctly and could lead to unexpected behavior, such as creating orphan entries when an item needs to be assigned to a parent entity. This issue has now been fixed. This change improves the reliability and usability of typeahead controls in forms.
```
